some more intricacies of our mix now and
we're fusing to Stevie Wonder tracks
together all the intros to them anyway
and we're using surgical superstition
the opening sections of each which have
a huge impact and we're going to drop an
a capella over the top and I'm going to
use a little scratch sample to introduce
it so we've got rocks and shanties to
introduce the sequence and we've got
Stevie Wonder surgery in to superstition
on the left there and we're gonna run
progress Grandmaster Flash over the top
of that so without further ado let the
show begin now you can see how I use
that there I put the deck stop at about
five pass which gives me quite an abrupt
dekstop now I had to introduce the can I
get a hit Paui because if I just let it
run and stop the deck on the G it
doesn't you'll see listen doesn't quite
stop as well as if you start it from the
hip Howie so show you again
for me that kind of stops better and if
it works that as you come into surgery
so let me show you from scratch and will
run through it just don't care I can't
do smell and I kind of wanted to but I
guess I got no choice rats and what
my head under
so you can tell that I've pre edited
that sequence so the Sergio control is
looped and right on the cream point it
drops in to superstition another handy
feature of being able to pre produce
your music before performance